Docs: wrong type in `load` cheatcode. `expect_revert` warning (#707)
software-mansion/protostar: website/docs/tutorials/07-testing/02-cheatcodes/expect-revert.md

If a code beneath `expect_revert` raises a specified exception, a test will pass. If not, a test will fail.

:::warning

> `expect_revert` doesn't work as try/catch. Protostar stops test case execution after catching a revert error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Protostar always stops test case execution when a revert error is raised.
The `expect_revert` cheatcode installs an assertion matching the caught error object,
but it does not resume test execution in `try/except`-fashion.
```
